Updating 1.18 RN (#4175)
kiegroup/kie-docs: doc-content/kogito-docs/src/main/asciidoc/release-notes/ReleaseNotesKogito.1.18.0.Final/ReleaseNotesKogito.1.18.0.Final.adoc

=== {PRODUCT} recommends upgraded version of Spring Boot
Starting from {PRODUCT} 1.18.0, you must upgrade the Spring Boot version to 2.4.9.

> * Serverless Workflow data input schema validation. You can now refer a https://json-schema.org/[json schema] file using `dataInputSchema` attribute in in https://github.com/serverlessworkflow/specification/blob/main/specification.md#workflow-definition-structure[WorkflowDefinitionStructure]

Reviewer: +1 to @cristianonicolai Please add a title to the Serverless Workflow updates. 
```suggestion
===  Serverless Workflow updates for {PRODUCT}
* Serverless Workflow data input schema validation. You can now refer to a https://json-schema.org/[json schema] file using the `dataInputSchema` attribute in the https://github.com/serverlessworkflow/specification/blob/main/specification.md#workflow-definition-structure[Workflow Definition Structure]
```
